README.md, before:

# sACNView
sACNView is a tool for viewing, monitoring and testing the ANSI/ESTA E1.17 protcol, informally known as "Streaming ACN".

For general information on the project, visit the [web site](http://docsteer.github.io/sacnview/)

This protcol is used in lighting systems (typically theatre, television, live entertainment and other systems where a high performance stream of data is required).

This is sACNView mark 2. The original program was written in Borland Delphi, but this new version supplants it. It is written in C++, using the Qt library and sACN reception code from [Electronic Theatre Controls](http://www.etcconnect.com).

# Installation
If you are interested in simply using the program, visit the [product web site](http://docsteer.github.io/sacnview/) to download installers for your platform (Mac or Windows OS).

# Building
If you are interested in building the application you will need the following:
* Qt Library and Creator - https://www.qt.io/ide/
	* Note : Due to [this bug](https://bugreports.qt.io/browse/QTBUG-27641) in Qt you need to use Qt version 5.9.0 or higher to build sACNView. 
* To build the windows installer - NSIS - http://nsis.sourceforge.net/ and the [SimpleFW NSIS Plugin](http://nsis.sourceforge.net/NSIS_Simple_Firewall_Plugin)
	* If NSIS is included in your $PATH the installer will be built automatically

To build, open the .PRO file in the root directory and build with Qt Creator

Commit message:

Update build instructions for Breakpad

README.md, after:

# sACNView
sACNView is a tool for viewing, monitoring and testing the ANSI/ESTA E1.17 protcol, informally known as "Streaming ACN".

For general information on the project, visit the [web site](http://docsteer.github.io/sacnview/)

This protocol is used in lighting systems (typically theatre, television, live entertainment and other systems where a high performance stream of data is required).

This is sACNView mark 2. The original program was written in Borland Delphi, but this new version supplants it. It is written in C++, using the Qt library and sACN reception code from [Electronic Theatre Controls](http://www.etcconnect.com).

# Installation
If you are interested in simply using the program, visit the [product web site](http://docsteer.github.io/sacnview/) to download installers for your platform (Linux, Mac or Windows OS).

# Building
If you are interested in building the application you will need the following:

* Qt Library and Creator - https://www.qt.io/ide/
	* Note : Due to [this bug](https://bugreports.qt.io/browse/QTBUG-27641) in Qt you need to use Qt version 5.9.0 or higher to build sACNView. 
* To build the windows installer - NSIS - http://nsis.sourceforge.net/ and the [SimpleFW NSIS Plugin](http://nsis.sourceforge.net/NSIS_Simple_Firewall_Plugin)
	* If NSIS is included in your $PATH the installer will be built automatically

The application uses a couple of external libraries:

* Google Breakpad for crash reporting
* LibPCAP for captured packet playback

You need to acquire the Breakpad library by using the git `submodule` command

1. Clone the repository (`git clone https://github.com/docsteer/sacnview.git`)
2. Switch to the directory (`cd sacnview`)
3. Initialize the submodules (`git submodule init`)
4. Download the submodule (`git submodule update`)

After that, to build, open the .PRO file in the root directory and build with Qt Creator
